Multi-language client SDKs with Console UI integration (#202)
paritytech/polkadot-bulletin-chain: docs/sdk-book/src/typescript/installation.md

# Installation

Install the package via your package manager:

```bash
npm install @bulletin/sdk
# or
yarn add @bulletin/sdk
# or
pnpm add @bulletin/sdk
```

## Dependencies

> You will likely also need the Polkadot API (PAPI) packages to connect to the chain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using Polkadot API (PAPI) to let the sdk interact with the chain:
```
